>> Maximiliano Firtman: Template
strings also appear in ES6, and
the idea is to solve a problem that
we used to have in JavaScript.
For example in this case, where we
have a string and then we concatenate,
and it's a mess because, for example,
if I want the name to be in double quotes,
I need to escape the double quote,
which is kind of a mess.
Okay, and and then concatenate.
And sometimes, when we concatenate
the strings with numbers,
where things may happen, okay?
It depends on the case, but
where things may happen.
If you wanna go to a new line, like,
we need to have this forward slash,
new line characters.
So it creates a new line,
which, yeah, I mean, it works,
but if you have been there,
it's dirty, okay?
So now we have a new string, the new
string is using the backtick, okay?
And using the Backtick Tick,
you can say, well,
hello, my name is, and open double quotes.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And if you
want to use the first name variable,
you use the expression syntax
that makes an interpolation.
This is similar to the React.jsx template,
but slightly different.
We use dollar and kind of a code block,
so in this case, first name.
And within that block,
you can execute functions,
you can add complex expressions,
you can even add other templates inside.
So I can concatenate with other templates
and do whatever you want, okay?
So it's a full JavaScript
expression that you can add there.
And also if you wanna do a new line or
two new lines,
you can just go multi-line with a template
string without closing the string.
So then I have the age, I live in city.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So now, you will
see that something exactly the same, but
it looks cleaner.
Have in mind that if you
like to little things like
this because you feel
like you should have,
tabs to your stream like blah, blah, blah.
Those tabs will also go to the string.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
so have in mind that, okay?
It's multiline, but also if you open
a template string every character
Including new lines, including tabs and
spaces, are going to the string.